Time dependent flow boundary (#443)
Deltares/Ribasim: docs/core/usage.qmd

active        | Bool    | -            | (optional, default true)
flow_rate     | Float64 | $m^3 s^{-1}$ | -

### FlowBoundary / time

This table is the transient form of the `FlowBoundary` table.
The only difference is that a time column is added.

> The table must by sorted by time, and per time it must be sorted by node_id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table must by sorted by time, and per time it must be sorted by `node_id`.
```

> With this the rating curves can be updated over time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this the flow rates can be updated over time.
```
